Hello friends let's start with a road
map update something unique was planned
in the everscale roadmap and it's
finally been launched Dex Adder is a
decentralized exchange created to
combine two blockchains everscale and
cardano thanks to everscales Tech you
can easily take advantage of the two
networks benefits
the platform is based on the everscale
blockchain now users can take the
benefits of using both defy experiences
and solutions available to every ever or
Adder holder to transfer coins from one
network to another and start using the
Dex Adder app you need to use the Dex
ever Bridge Dex Adder was officially
launched in May 2022 and is now in its
early stages of development its features
include multi-farming cross-network
liquidity swaps a token Builder a
multi-sync support
dexada's token is either Eva it is
distributed as a reward for liquidity
farming the Eva token is also a key
asset for participating in the
platform's future governance as the
whole of everscale is one big Dao and
Dex Adder is no exception Dex Adder
currently supports two languages
Japanese and English of course the decks
has been built on the everscale
blockchain which is why High transaction
speeds low fees and stability are its
integral parts for more information
about Dex Adder including its tokonomics
and liquidity mining programs visit Dex
adder's website and follow it on social
media that's all for now bye
