everlend.app
is a secure financial protocol for
earning passive income on personal
crypto savings and for lending created
by the
svoi.dev team
everlend has been developed on the
everscale blockchain and has a native
token called lend the token is used to
decentralize protocol governance and
incentivize liquidity providers and
lenders let's take a closer look at how
this financial protocol works
lenders transfer their digital assets to
the liquidity pool other everlend.app
users can then borrow from this pool
interest rates on loans and deposits are
floating they're constantly adjusted by
algorithmic methods that take into
account current supply and demand so how
do you get a loan
the platform lends usdt stablecoins
against w weather the wrapped version of
evercoins and vice versa loans can be
returned at any time
the key thing to remember is that if the
value of the collateral falls to the
amount to be given back
a margin call will be triggered and the
deal will automatically close in this
case the cl later on will be forcibly
liquidated by the platform
so let's take a look at the profitable
strategies on everland.app
using evelend you can earn on both
increases and decreases in the value of
wever please remember all of these
strategies can be risky and i am not a
financial advisor so to be able to
potentially profit from the growth of
the w ever price it's possible to use
the tokens and as collateral and borrow
stable coins you can also buy more w
ever with these stable coins to profit
from a decrease in price just use usdt
as collateral and borrow weather to sell
the funds you can rebuy them later at a
lower price and get the currency back
earning on the price difference it's
possible to withdraw your funds at any
time
and thanks to the high level of
transaction security user friendly
interface and low fees this young and
promising lending service has every
chance of becoming one of the leaders in
the cryptocurrency lending market
