blockchain and nft usage in games is
becoming more and more common new
metaverses are emerging every day and
this is going to be a very strong trend
in tomorrow's world everscale is fully
prepared for such a future as its first
game fight releases are just around the
corner
game fight is a pretty broad term but
generally it refers to games that
incorporate nfts or have any kind of
token based in-game economy or both
game fight goes completely beyond the
usual notions of classic games like
simple 2d mmorpgs
where the in-game economy is very
limited and it's not possible to sell
game assets on external platforms
so what if each resource and currency on
the server was an nft or a fungible
token we would be able to move gaming
assets between servers or even between
different games if they supported this
kind of feature even a character itself
could be made into an nft true ownership
of game assets would guarantee that
nobody could hack a player's account and
steal their equipment
and what's more gamefy means that
popular games could potentially become a
source of income for dedicated players
and speaking of the sdk itself the sdk
that everscale is developing will help
all kinds of game developers to tokenize
all in-game assets and incorporate a
blockchain based economy powered by
everscale into their players experience
the sdk will include personal wallets
in-game stores and p2p transactions
building and land tokenization
marketplace open api dow and insurance
tools
that's more than enough to build a
successful blockchain based game
everscale is one of the very few
blockchains that can handle an extremely
high load without any trouble thanks to
its scaling capabilities
gta online minecraft lineage 2 even
counter-strike these could all operate
on everscale involving hundreds of
thousands of new users in the blockchain
industry
an example of a game running on
everscale is the broxas pilot project
evercraft a rendition of minecraft that
is going to support all of the features
mentioned
evercraft is a prime way to showcase all
the capabilities of everscale and the
gamefi and metaverse sdk to over 100
million monthly active players
and this is just the beginning because
everscale has plans to attract even more
game developers thanks to its easy to
integrate sdk
