hello friends uh you may know this
already but i'm ben welcome to the
latest episode of everscale news picked
especially for you it's been another
action-packed week here as we announce
new grants in the ecosystem launch a
token on bitmart and advance the
development of the network on wooden
upward three minutes on the clock three
minutes this week let's recap the main
points uh one of the biggest news of the
week was the announcement that everscale
was one of the gold sponsors of the
capital 2022 the largest cryptocurrency
conference of 2022 which takes place on
may 26th and 27th
uh we'll have everscale representatives
nikita inchikov in my pronunciation mate
michael gord speaking on the same stage
as chiang ping zhao cz of binance and
michael saylor lady i'm michael saylor
co-founder of michael microstrategy
raising awareness about everscale and
networking with industry majors
obviously exclusively for everscale the
capital offers unique venues for the
community to watch the event online so
hurry up seating is limited as part of
the everscale grant program aml safe
received its ninth 35 000 grant from the
d5 alliance the funds will be allocated
for six months in installments as kpis
are reached uh do note though that this
is the first of its kind web three
stroke defy cryptocurrency wallet with a
built-in aml module to check the purity
of counterparties uh developed by purefi
so we're waiting for everscale
integration into aml safe wallet as soon
as possible i can also add to this uh
the 10th recipient of everscale grants
has been spartacats who received the
grand total of one ever ah right next
news there is now an excellent
opportunity to become one of the first
owners of eva tokens utility tokens
announced the other day by dex adder the
main benefits for token holders are the
right to participate in upcoming
management of dexes and more favorable
terms for farming and exchange um
everscale end the token ever listed on
bitmart as we said at the top of the
show this is really great news bitmarty
is launching a trading competition and
other incentives for its users as well
this campaign will be active until the
end of the month may 31st to be exact
and joint campaign bitmart will be
incentivizing traders and average users
to buy and sell and trade other tokens
on bitmart so check the links in the
description hey good news for firefox
browser users the ever wallet browser
extension now works with firefox the
wallet extension is really super easy
and convenient to use and it's a great
way to manage all your everscale wallets
and tokens and access dapps from inside
firefox so yeah just to note uh the
following news concerns bridge relayers
and stakers a few days ago optusbridge
started sending out initial dividends to
bridge token stakers and relayers in the
form of usdt and cube the remaining part
of the dividends to be paid out in
bridge tokens will be available to claim
once the round reward ends so check your
wallets if you haven't already and last
but not least of course not as a
conclusion we'd like to inform you that
we have got one more news channel on
coin market cap of all places so don't
forget to follow us there too um
obviously it helps our visibility guys
joel i just want to remind you to leave
a like and subscribe if you haven't done
so already it helps our channel grow and
reach that bigger audience we're looking
for thanks for watching and see you next
time
