hi there i'm ben and this is a guide to
wallets on everscale today we're going
to start with the cornerstone of all
blockchain usage the wallets but quickly
first don't forget to like and subscribe
this will help our channel grow which is
good for everyone everscale is packed
full of daps tools and cool features for
developers and users so with so much
choice sometimes things can get a little
overwhelming so we decided to make a
short series of videos to help you make
the best decisions ever so in no
particular order today we're going to be
reviewing ever wallet eversurf everspace
wallet
scalewallet.com and moon stake wallet
let's start with everwallet everwallet
was developed by the infamous team at
broxas who have fast become renowned for
their work on everscale as a browser
extension everwallet is designed with
dapps in mind so flat cube decks bridges
multisig wallets etc and securely
protects user data with an encrypted
local key store one unique feature is
that when creating a wallet you can
choose which of the popular smart
contracts to use some other features
include a transaction history overview
generating keys in key storage creating
and managing multi-sig addresses adding
depots and sending messages and commands
in the transfer comments
next up eversurf is not only a wallet
but an entire blockchain interface which
provides access to wallet features and
importantly d-bots decentralized bots
which can perform powerful functions and
enable next-gen dapps
aside from deebots other features of
surf include staking transferring tokens
managing nft collections on-chain
messaging credit and debit card at the
token purchases directly in the wallet
and one more killer feature surf users
can order a special nfc security card
which serves as a hardware wallet
enabling multi-signature transactions
without any need to store private
information on devices we can't help but
mention the everscale grant beneficiary
everspace this is a cryptocurrency
wallet developed by a member of the
everscale community in order to carry
out the functions necessary to interact
with all everscale industries it is the
first in-house wallet that net functions
natively on ios and android which makes
it fast and stable and one of the most
interesting features is smart staking
which means it can analyze all depots
and help choose the most profitable and
secure depool for you it also features
four languages
let's move on with
scalewallet.com which was formerly known
as everscale wallet scale wallet is one
of the most popular everscale wallets
available and is a browser-based wallet
developed by the
svoi.dev team which works as a chrome
extension it has a lot of features
already built in and the dev team are
active in updating according to user
feedback features of scale wallet
include support for the most advanced
version of tip 3 fungible token
contracts support for the broxas token
list compatibility with everscale
mainnet and test networks and more and
last but not least moon state launched
in 2020 with the aim of creating the
largest staking network in asia since
then the user-friendly web and mobile
wallets on both ios and android have
grown to support over 2 000
cryptocurrencies staking on the app
however is limited to only the highest
quality projects which includes cosmos
tesos polka dot and of course everscale
phew that was a lot to get through we
covered the main wallets you can use
with everscale reviewed their features
and highlighted their usps before we
sign off though a quick reminder
choosing any particular wallet or
product is your decision and you should
always do your own research subscribe to
everscale's youtube channel discord
twitter and telegram all the links are
in the description see you next time
