hey hey friends i'm ben and this is the
latest everscale news picked just for
you
everscale has celebrated its second
anniversary new developments listings
big partnerships and twitter
verification everscale is scaling bigger
than ever two minutes on the clock let's
go
everscale just finished celebrating its
second anniversary the everpoint 2022
conference was a great event with loads
of engaging panel discussions and great
networking with people from the crypto
industry to congratulate the community
with the anniversary we created a
special nft on grand bazaar and we're
going to distribute it to everyone who
answers their address in a special
application form check the link in the
description ever is going to be listed
on bitmap bitmap is a centralized crypto
exchange which is in the top 15
exchanges with the highest trading
volume according to coin gecko it's
exciting more and more users are
becoming familiar with the ever token
these days and deposits are available on
14th of may trading starts on the 16th
the next news is even more exciting
we're releasing gosh a decentralized
unchained git using everscales
technology gosh became one of the 14
launch members of the docker extension
program at dockacon along with some
leading global i.t players the project
is going to bring huge benefits to the
everscale community and ecosystem for
example gosh validators will be able to
lock ever as their stake and more than
10 million developers will have access
to everscale technology via this dock
partnership more news to come and an ama
on wednesday the everscale network is
soon going to be upgraded with the
reliable external messaging protocol
remp this is a big milestone planned for
q2 2022 remp is now being released ahead
of schedule and that's good news because
the protocol makes it possible to
simultaneously provide a better user
experience on front-end interfaces
front-running protection ddos protection
and ensure that all external messages
are received the protocol has already
been included in the everscale standard
developers kit and it will make it to
the main net after other security
upgrades
the svoi.dev team has released a version
of scale wallet for android users this
version has a browser for working with
device apps and you can download it on
google play
and the last thing we want to share is a
small but really awesome one uh check
out our twitter we're happy to announce
that the official everscale twitter
account now has a blue check uh from now
on you can always tell the official
everscale twitter account by the blue
check then you know make sure it's not a
scammer an imposter it's been a really
busy week for everyone around here uh
thank you for being a part of it don't
forget to subscribe and leave a like to
help our channel grow and reach a new
audience catch y'all next time
