hello friends it's ben with the third
episode of everscale news the most
important news of the ecosystem in two
minutes the teams at everscale are
pushing one update after another and we
have a lot of intriguing things to tell
you about so let's get started roxas has
renamed all of its products tonbridge is
now officially called octus bridge tun
swap has been renamed to flat cube and w
ton was renamed to w ever after
migration to the new token standard each
product will get its own chat for
discussions speaking of the new 3.1
token standard the migration of all
infrastructure products has been
completed users can already withdraw
their tokens from the old pawns on tun
swap and move them over to flat cube
i've done mine already they'll be
converted automatically to the new
standard after connecting the wallet to
the new decks during the recent
community meetup some new details about
the roadmap were revealed first of all
flex an advanced decentralized order
book exchange is probably going to be
released sooner than stated on the
roadmap its development is going very
fast and the ever x team feel pretty
damn confident about it only one or two
dexes can be compared to flex in terms
of speed and fees and so everscale will
get one more advantage over the other
blockchains out there in addition to the
previously mentioned cardano and tesos
bridges everscale will get avalanche
tron and solana bridges these are going
to bring more liquidity to everscale and
will open the path to creating more
cross-chain dapps gosh gosh the
decentralized github is also in
development the demo of the product will
be shown in may gosh will allow
developers to keep their code on chain
instead of relying on centralized
solutions everscale startup competition
attracted
275 developers with more than 50
projects including various nft
marketplaces defy and social tools the
top three projects were convo space a
cross-chain social app dream base a
platform for musicians and reuters from
africa allowing them to mint any writing
as an nft and demeter an nft charity
auction platform that's all for today
stay tuned
