hey hey every migos i'm ben and this is
the latest everscale news handpicked
just for you more liquidity is coming to
everscale and well more opportunities to
earn in the community not only by
staking but by participating in bounty
programs can let me tell you more about
this two minutes on the clock let's go
evelyn.app the new d5 platform and
secured lending protocol is officially
live it's a fully fledged dow which
allows creating fund pools providing or
borrowing various assets and of course
earning interest on them developed by
the svoi.dev team who also created
everscale wallet which takes us nicely
to our next point everscale wallet has
added support for many important
platforms of the ecosystem namely flat
cube octus bridge gram bazaar wrapped
ever and everstart
it emulates the default ever wallet
giving you choice about which extension
you want to use
it has 80 of the functionality so far
with more compatibility coming in the
future pi union a neo bank has issued
easy pay an exclusive plastic card with
everscale support
it's available for all eu residents can
be issued with four clicks has its own
web application and soon it will be
possible to buy and spend ever as easily
as using fiat currencies
if you want to order it follow the link
in the description roxas launches the
bounty program if you feel like you're a
stephen king of writing guidelines then
this competition is for you choose your
topic from the list write a guide that
even a granny could understand send it
to broxas and the reward will find you
the topics are categorized into three
levels of difficulty and the reward will
increase depending on how difficult it
is some exciting news about the wrapped
ever token
wever is now available on ethereum and
finance smart chain networks
from now on users are able to send
receive and manage their webers on these
very popular networks which will of
course greatly increase the adoption of
the token and there's more integrations
with other blockchains coming soon a new
farming pair eupi
and wever has become available on flat
cube eupi is a stable coin pegged to the
euro meaning that one eupi always equals
one euro it's a great addition to the
list of flap cube balls and that's all
folks stay safe and look after each
other don't forget to subscribe and
leave a like to help our channel grow
and you know helpfully spread the news
reaching your audience sharing is caring
bye
