hi everyone it's ben here with you today
as you remember from our previous
episodes we've started a series of
tutorial videos explaining the
ecosystem's various details today we're
going to take you through why you need
an everscale account and how to set it
up please don't forget to like and
subscribe this will help the growth of
our channel so let's get started first
let me remind you everscale is a fast
growing next generation blockchain
driven by the ideology of
decentralization in addition to near
instant transactions with minimal fees
everscale offers a multitude of income
opportunities within the blockchain
before you dive into web3 though you
should create your own blockchain
account which would mean getting a
wallet address where you'll be able to
store your evers an everscale account is
an everscale address containing a wallet
smart contract this smart contract can
receive coins from other wallet smart
contracts store and transfer them you
can transfer coins and tokens to any
address but if the smart contract is not
deployed correctly your coins or tokens
might be lost on the everscale
blockchain the address of the smart
contract deployment is not random but is
calculated based on the smart contract
code and user data such as public key
therefore different types of wallet
smart contracts have different addresses
some of the most popular everscale
wallet smart contracts are safe multisig
setcode multisig surf bridge multisig
wallet everscale ecosystem wallets are
available on different operating systems
making them very handy thus depending on
your preferences you can choose a
desktop wallet such as ever surf an
app-based wallet on your smartphone or
personal device ios or android such as
surf again everwallet or everspace or a
browser extension wallet like scale
wallet or everwallet before we get into
the details of creating an everscale
account i'd like to say a few words
about security as this is highly
important if you want to keep your funds
safe so before funding your new
everscale wallet it's important to
remember that the seed phrase of 12
unique words associated with your wallet
is the only way to restore your account
in addition to the above when you create
a new wallet a set is generated that
consists of a public and private key the
private key is used to sign transactions
in other words transactions with your
coins and tokens and the public key is
used for authentication now you're aware
of smart contracts ecosystem wallets and
security it's time to move on to
creating an account it's straightforward
just follow a few standard steps the
same for every everscale ecosystem
wallet the setup of each of the wallet
options involves the following standard
steps 1. download and install an
application corresponding to your
operating system such as a smartphone
browser extension or web version of the
wallet
select create new account
read the decentralization policy and
accept it
create a pin code or password for quick
access to the wallet
[Music]
write down the seed phrase that's shown
to you or find it yourself in the
security stroke seed phrase options
[Music]
top up your wallet account with ever
activate the wallet
and that's it deploy this wallet smart
contract to the address for further
token management it's a one-time process
which is performed if there are funds on
the balance of the wallet do kindly note
that if the activation process has not
been completed you can only receive ever
to your balance but you won't be able to
send them in the eversurf wallet
activation is automatic and possible
without spending your tokens with a
d-bot so you get an active wallet almost
instantly isn't that great other wallets
have a deploy button that you use to
deploy your wallet smart contract they
activate it when your account is
registered and fully set up you're ready
to buy ever to transfer them to your
wallet you have several options when it
comes to buying ever you can use one of
the centralized exchanges such as
gate.io
mexc.com at bitmart we'll be listing on
the 16th of may uh please keep in mind
that it's not safe to store your crypto
on centralized exchanges as a general
rule of thumb so after buying it's
better to transfer your crypto out of
the exchange immediately as an
alternative you can use changely.com
or go to octusbridge.io transfer usdt
from ethereum polygon or binance smart
chain to your account and swap together
on flatcube.io the main decks of the
everscale ecosystem perhaps the easiest
way to buy is directly with a credit
card and ever wallet and eversurf
these are popular everscale apps that
combine the features of a white chatroom
and dapps launch environment if you
check our previous videos there are more
info and there's also a surf's own
channel congratulations you've created
your own account and now you are a proud
ever holder you're part of a dynamic
fast growing and technologically
advanced ecosystem thank you for being
here and
i'll see you in future episodes
