hello friends i'm ben and this is
everscale news q1 is coming to a close
and we've got loads of exciting product
releases and updates coming each day if
you don't want to miss an announcement
hit subscribe now right let's go the
biggest news this week is the launch of
the brand new scouting grants program
this awesome initiative is designed to
bring new projects to the ecosystem by
giving anyone in the crypto world the
chance to become an ever scout what is
an everscout you ask well it's someone
who gets rewarded handsomely for
bringing an innovative blockchain
project to the everscale grants program
so long as they pass the evaluation
stage and another breaking update for
you roxas have announced the start of
the testing phase forever dow a true dow
platform on everscale
using w ever ever token holders can make
on-chain governance decisions for the
whole everscale network more power to
the people ton wallet has rebranded to
become everscale wallet with some huge
updates now it not only supports tip 3.1
standard tokens it also supports the
broxus token list and enables removing
tokens from the wallet and more and last
up this week gate dot io has updated the
token ticker from the old ton crystal
tun c to its rightful new name ever as
after a brief suspension of trading on
march 15 and the ticket change gate.io
users will now have full access to the
appropriately named ever and that's all
for today stay tuned for more updates
