hello friends it's ben with the second
episode of everscale news the most
important news in the everscale
ecosystem in just two minutes
first up the new roadmap for everscale
was released this roadmap includes zk
snark protocol and private work chains
drive chains and evm support but that's
not all it also has bridges with bitcoin
tesos and cardano roll-ups it has
lending borrowing and derivatives
protocols as well as decentralized
identity and consensus upgrades you can
check the roadmap by clicking the link
in the description and another important
update from the roadmap everscale is
going into gamevi and metaverse the
first pilots will be modifications of
the most popular games out there grand
theft auto and minecraft these pilots
will showcase the features of game 5 on
everscale such as land tokenization
in-game real estate and item
tokenization as well as nft imports
there's been another successful
participant in the everscale grants
program meta jews a service for
collecting recurring and
subscription-based payments in either
ever or usdt their team will receive 127
000 ever in order to complete the
project welcome aboard guys tun labs was
renamed to everx this week but it's not
the most significant update from them
they also released the new platform
evernode which combines several
previously released products and some
new services for blockchain developers
decentralized notifications dapps
servers and public clouds all in one
place how great is that and finally this
week broxas have started the migration
from the tip 3 standard to tip 3.1 by
the end of this migration process all
tokens of the old standard including
custom tokens tohokans locked in the
pools on tun swap and turn bridge will
all be swapped and that's all for today
stay tuned
