hello everyone I'm Ben and this is the
latest everscale news picked just for
you the team has been very busy recently
with active development reforms and
community building so let's recap the
highlights of the past week two minutes
on the clock here we go
there is a very important vote last week
on a major economic reform on the
network the reform includes a number of
points for managing the network and
increasing its capitalization the
community voted almost unanimously in
favor this means a new round of voting
with more detailed proposals awaits us
very soon
also this week there are important
changes to everscale's technical
development that affected all teams in
the ecosystem
there will now be more product teams and
as such more people responsible for the
results before the final decision this
idea was tested out and the feedback was
impressive so expect a Quantum Leap in
ecosystem development
on top of this last week the boxers team
introduced a completely updated everscan
the team has improved the functionality
of the previous version and added a new
section so now there are more tools and
information for working with smart
contracts available for both developers
and regular users and this next bit of
news will be relevant to the first
providers of liquidity to bridge users
the next part of the bridge airdrop has
become available
you have about a month left to claim
your share so go ahead well there's
still time also as you might remember
everscale celebrated its second birthday
this year woohoo
to celebrate this Milestone we created a
collection of 4 000 anniversary nfts
we would finally like to announce that
all the nfts are available to claim have
you seen this masterpiece yet and as
always look out for all the useful links
in the description for this video also
don't forget to subscribe to the channel
click on that little bell and give us a
like it helps the channel grow attract
more viewers and then we become bigger
as a whole so thanks for being with us
and I'll see you all next week bye
