hello everyone i'm ben and this is the
latest everscale news picked just for
you everscale is continuing to grow
non-stop and is expanding into the asian
markets let's recap the most notable
moments of the past week two minutes on
the clock here we go the highlight of
last week was certainly the partnership
that broxas a key sponsor of everscale
entered into with da5 one of the most
extensive money transfer services in the
philippines thanks to this everscale's
blockchain technology will be used to
provide secure and high-speed money
transfers to people in the philippines
this is a very important step for both
everscale and the long-term strategy for
blockchain and device services in asia
the next important news of last week was
also related to the new steps being
taken as part of entry into asian
markets everscale has been taking
various steps to achieve this goal for a
long time this time we announced the
korean localization of our official site
south korea was on this list for a
reason as it has been actively using all
the advantages of cryptocurrencies for
quite some time
on the technical side there are also a
series of updates the first phase of the
soft majority fault tolerance or smft
consensus release became available and
now developers can join testing also a
new anti-resend feature is being tested
for the multi-sig contract which is
expected to be released in a couple of
weeks
the reliable external messaging protocol
or ramp is almost ready for release as
well
also last week there was a raffle with a
draw for ever tokens among holders of
special anniversary nfts we'd like to
remind you that if you haven't
participated yet you can still do so and
good luck
and finally it's just a quick
opportunity to remind you we have a
channel on coinmarketcap so be sure to
follow us there as well and add ever to
your favorites
and as always give us a like and
subscribe if you haven't already done so
to help the channel grow and reach new
audiences thanks for watching see you
next time
