hello friends it's arthur with the first
episode of everscale news the most
important news of the ecosystem in two
minutes the crypto market is still in a
pretty bad state but we got a lot of
interesting updates and that's the thing
that matters the most let's go
proxes updated the chrome extension
forever wallet they added the
possibility to create a backup for
restoring seed hierarchies keys and
accounts also the wallet includes a
number of small improvements you can
find the link in the chrome store in the
description
moonstake one of the largest d5 pool
providers in asia is going to add ever
to its pools
also soon it will be possible to store
send and receive ever using moonstake
wallet which already supports more than
2 000 tokens
tasers defy hackathon 2022 has started
there are two challenges sponsored by
broxas and everserve the first challenge
is to create a bridge between tasers and
everscale
the second one is to develop a debuff
for interacting with taser's addresses
checking balances and sending tokens on
tazos which opens the path to making
ever serve a multi-asset application
we'll provide you with the update next
week
speaking of bridges process and open fi
launched the bridge between everscale
and cardano it will potentially bring
some liquidity from the cardinal
ecosystem and will create new
opportunities for developers tone labs
is working day and night to improve
everscale the new security update for
all nodes is ready and it's crucial for
all validators to get the new version
the next update number 20 will cut off
all validators with the outdated
software and will make everscale
protocol incompatible with the old tom
protocol everscale organized the
marketing ama session where nikita
inchakov told the community about the
new marketing approach and the
reorganization of the whole process
also he mentioned that the team is in
talks with some of the top 10 exchanges
about listing the eva token and that
everyone will be able to see the first
results pretty soon that's all for today
stay tuned
