minecraft is an outstandingly successful
game more than 126 million active
players in 2021 600 million copies sold
and a daily playing audience which
exceeds 200 000 players
all these solid numbers make us wonder
what if we were to merge minecraft and
the everscale blockchain
the result is the evercraft game pilot
the first showcase of the future gamefy
and metaverse sdk
so what's the point of using a
blockchain in games
we've already covered it in the game fi
sdk video but it's worth repeating it
unlocks more opportunities for dedicated
players
the players will be able to monetize
their gaming time by participating in
the in-game economy which gets connected
to the d5 economy via the everscale
blockchain so what if a newcomer needs a
lot of black stones or bricks for
crafting but doesn't want to spend time
grinding or farming but for these
resources they can buy the resources
that they so much need from other
players
the most rare and valuable resources
will obviously be priced a lot higher
and it will essentially be buying other
players time this is then a huge leap
forward for the whole gaming industry in
evercraft every game asset will become a
separate nft
this means that it will be possible to
trade resources between players and buy
them in the in-game shop trade them on
special marketplaces and move resources
between different servers with ease
of course all payment options will be
based on the ever token but there's much
more in evercraft
all land on the evercraft server will be
tokenized
brands and businesses will be able to
buy land to establish virtual offices
and have nft exhibitions
regular players will also have an
opportunity to do the same everyone has
the same rights on the game server every
active server will be able to establish
its own dow for players to vote on
important aspects of server management
another essential aspect is the
competitive side of gaming players will
be able to form pro teams clans and
participate in tournaments events and
various challenges including pvp jewels
to climb higher in the ranks on the
leaderboard
some additional things planned for
evercraft include decentralized
identities integration cross-server play
cross-server asset transfers conversions
of in-game paintings and sculptures to
nfts
back and forth
nft auctions
flat cube integration
services for businesses
all this makes evercraft an ideal case
for showing all capabilities of our
powerful game fight and metaverse sdk
some mentioned features is still being
developed and may change a little bit
but all the main features including
tokenized assets will be available at
launch and the game will be constantly
updated according to the roadmap we'll
announce the launch time later catch you
soon
