nfts are a very important part of the
blockchain industry out of all
blockchain technology applications they
are the easiest to understand and they
bring new users who are interested in
use cases not technical details that's
why everscale aims to provide the best
experience to nft creators and
developers we cover the new tip 4 nft
standard in another video but in
addition to the standard it's essential
to have clear documentation with a
standard developer's kit with ready to
use methods
software development kit standard
software development kit sdk is a set of
software tools that help developers
create applications quickly and easily
sdks include many libraries with
functions that developers can integrate
into their code
the nft sdk was developed by the it gold
team the creators of various nft
platforms including gram bazaar and one
of the co-authors of tip four the main
principle in creating the sdk is for it
to be developer friendly and easy to use
nfts have a lot of basic functionality
such as ownership management
transference issuance burning and so on
but the functionality does not have many
standard usage practices for example
there might be a private collection in
which only the author can create nfts
or there could be a public collection
where any user can issue nft tokens
belonging to it but the author's
signature would be required
the list goes on
there's breeding nfts by creating a new
one with the properties of its parents
creating nfts that interact with each
other and much more
the nft sdk has all of the above and
other practices as templates
this means that any developer can get
what they need at the click of a button
using the wizard or command line it's
easy to choose a template in the sdk and
then use it while adding your own
methods
the result is quick nft creation for
your game or other needs
during the sdk's development the idea
was to create a set of library
implementations of basic functionality
which could be expanded without
interfering with the main implementation
developers need to focus on shipping
their product there's no need to think
about basic functionality and what's
more as the ecosystem grows more basic
functionality will be added over time
the sdk will be open to everyone
available on various open source
platforms under an open license
learn more about the everscale network
all the necessary links are in the
description below see you next time
