hey hey friends i'm ben and this is the
latest ever scale news picked just for
you
everdao new decks listings of the ever
token and updates for loads of everscale
products along with some airdrops four
minutes on the clock let's go we'll
start with the grants programme one of
the most important initiatives for us to
help the community understand the system
better we've launched a new page
dedicated to grants where everyone can
easily find all the information all
previous grantees the rules and how to
apply for a grant we're always looking
for new projects and developers and
we're here and ready to help onboarding
into everscale
ever jews a grant recipient building a
subscription payment service platform on
everscale is ready for private alpha
testing
currently they're looking for businesses
who already use a subscription-based
model or are wanting to implement one
and who can battle test the model to pay
for subscriptions by depositing from
everscale ethereum polygon finance smart
chain or even fear and of course manage
their subscriptions using the
custom-made telegram bot
many users of everscale used to use and
love everscale wallet the chrome browser
extension however the name was a little
bit confusing with so many others so to
distinguish it we're happy to announce
it's been renamed scale wallet the old
domain for og users will remain active
for a little while yet
and also it's worth noting a scale
wallet already supports the new tip 3.1
tokens and ever wallet emulation cube
token launched on the everstart
launchpad to huge demand it was such a
success that they exceeded their hard
cap by nearly five times
at 12.5 million ever instead of 2.45 the
total amount gathered during the token
cell was even burned the cube token is
already available on flat cube decks and
the farming rewards on the decks will be
distributed in cube instead of ever from
now on in our last episode we told you
about w ever being available on ethereum
and binance smart chain well first bit
of good news the mexc exchange enables
deposits and withdrawals of erc 20w ever
now and number two ever can be bought
and sold with fiat on changely
more trading opportunities than ever hey
also don't forget brock's has launched
an airdrop of bridge and cube tokens for
all participants who transferred their
webers to ethereum and submitted their
applications
the broxas team is working around the
clock and right now they're developing
the universal bridge mechanism for octus
bridge letting users send liquidity from
any connected blockchain to another
without any need to add tokens manually
if you're a blogger or an influencer you
can participate in the 100 000 bounty
program by broxis just make a review of
the universal bridge on video and
publish it to your youtube channel the
rewards will then be distributed in
bridge tokens to 100 bloggers after
thorough evaluation of course taking all
these announcements into account no
wonder our tvl is growing fast we're
ranked number two on defile armor
amongst the fastest growing blockchains
thanks to cube listing and wever updates
and lastly don't forget to vote on gov
2.0 proposals on everdao they include
many important votes on partnerships and
ecosystem mechanics to encourage
participants all voters for the latest
proposal received a cube air dropped
continue to vote to earn more tokens
that's all for now folks stay safe and
look after one another and don't forget
to subscribe and leave a like here to
help our channel growing you know help
us grow bigger than ever see you next
time
