hello friends i'm ben and this is the
latest everscale news picked just for
you
so two minutes on the clock let's go
starting with something really big eva
is now available for staking with moon
steak one of the largest staking pawn
providers in asia with a big focus on
the japanese markets welcome aboard guys
everscale has introduced a web 3
compatible label this initiative was
launched to encourage projects and
individual developers to support the
movement marking their dapps accordingly
after two months of extensive work the
boosted staking programme has collected
22.8 million ever tokens this amount
covers reserved rewards of 2 million
tokens and means the pilot stage has
come to a close for now this also means
that as of february 23rd the total
amount of tokens in the ever surf
ecosystem exceeds 80 million ever a 30
growth in just the past three months
great news in terms of marketing the
international chess federation fider has
launched a mammoth advertising campaign
for everscale banners and posters
featuring everscale will be broadcast to
spectators and fans worldwide during all
upcoming major tournaments awesome
coverage for the ecosystem and last but
not least for this edition everex has
finalized integration with the chinese
bsn blockchain network the guangyan
chain will provide blockchain developers
with easy access to the powerful
capabilities of the bsn open
permissioned blockchain by paying for
gas fees with fiat currency rather than
cryptocurrency what's more the chinese
community of everscale made the decision
to support the chinese nft standard
which has been dubbed ddc
and that's a wrap for now folks stay
safe out there and look after each other
all
