it's
previous
i think we both agreed that
privet
is international award right
is a witch word
trivial
we agreed that it is a witch word
i said uh i think we both agreed on
the word privet it's uh like
international one
so
we can really use it i guess
you're trying to internationalize the
russian language right
we just uh
we just
said greetings to each other on russian
russian
how dare you
oh my god
hello okay hi how are you
okay let's wait for one more minute um
yeah we have some very interesting news
today
hello what's up
hi hi stephan how are you
thanks how are you
fine absolutely fine hopefully
i'm a bit sad because it's autumn in
moscow it's it's not the prettiest time
to stay here
next week
[Laughter]
hopefully
um
so where's everyone
okay okay okay so
not too many people attend these days
i think we are sleeping but
yeah yeah probably
uh okay so let's start so we a few but
the most motivated guys uh so
welcome everyone so 49th uh weekly defy
governance call so um
we have not very big but rather
important agenda for today so let me
traditionally start with um
with the contest updates yes the
survivors
yeah so actually we have uh another
contest that
switched to the voting stage it is a
distributor valedictor oracle contest so
there is only one submission from the
proven the team uh and
this submission i think is very decent
in any case and prevent the team
promised to
run a demo tomorrow at 6 pm moscow time
so
i will make an additional announcement
in the public group so
if you are a juror so please
do not hesitate to come and ask your
questions
and scrutinize
those guys so
in any case uh it is done for you to
better understand
what's going on in the submission
uh
the next uh
contest that is coming to its end is the
three-ton decks implementation stage
three uh actually four days left force
uh to make a submission
and uh 15 days left until the second
stage of the free tone self sovereign
identity framework is over
uh
yeah so and in by the way in all this
you know uh day-to-day routine we
forgot about one small
but important event
so actually um
on the 10th of september
last year
the device of governance
was approved by the main governance so
actually we have celebrated one year of
our sub government so let's collab to
each other because it's it's a very
amazing stuff yeah so congrats everyone
we've done a lot so uh we've hosted
uh
over
a few dozens of contests we have created
with the efforts of a community a lot of
good solutions
and in my opinion device of government
is
one of the most
performing ones in the all the free tone
and this is all uh
because of you because of those who
participate in contests uh so that's
great it's actually great and i really
love your passion and will do my best to
keep it as long as possible uh
yeah unfortunately i don't have a cake
with me but just let it be an imaginary
cake with one uh one candle
so let's just make a wish
all right then
so let's get back to business and uh so
move on so actually uh we have uh one
contest uh
that is st tone that is finally ended
and collected the quorum and we have a
winner so and all of you know this
winner uh so now we need to make the
payments uh actually uh
i think that i will do the calculation
tomorrow morning uh or maybe this
evening and let's plan the payment for
monday how how do you feel
if it's possible
good
all right yeah i i just want to record
that now we have 24 hours approval for
transactions so it's no obligation to
stay just
within the
tough framework of one hour to sign
everything and that's very good
uh
next big update and it's really huge uh
is that we finally the brothers team has
uh deployed
the dow of a new breach and it was a
tremendous operation involving uh over
10 people
who were deploying uh dozens of
contracts to
freetown and ethereum
no dozens hundreds
hundreds hundreds yeah no
not uh
dozens of contracts but hundreds of
attempts so actually uh
as you know everything goes wrong when
you try to deploy it to freetown and uh
yeah so the guys spent almost a week
to release the dao and finally it's in
production and it's we will be uh
gradually switching the current bridge
to a new one uh
so the next stage will be to test uh
everything in the main net
uh to test the token transfer and
if everything is fine after that we will
start switching
current
token debtors to a new bridge
and
the breach was audited by a reputable
firm so and hopefully we will uh publish
the as a result of the audit uh soon
um so yeah we are coming to a new era uh
with a new fully decentralized bridge
and
sergey will tell about this
just in a while
and
we will be also grateful to everyone uh
who will join us in uh testing so uh of
this new new solution so and just keep
an eye for announcements uh sega can you
please maybe uh tell a bit more about
your plan for
adding new
layers to the bridge
yes
so we only deploy down
and uh during two weeks uh we will uh
move uh
multisig
multi-signature uh for
a different smart contracts in bridge
and in
transform maybe to
under relay
uh now we launch only brock's relay 15
relays it's a minimum for consensus
and
i hope after two week we will add uh
first eight independent uh relays
and uh in october uh second uh eight
independent relays race
uh after testing and uh first
bridge uh epic
uh bridge bridgette
 epic uh it's a
some movements with funds with farming
and usually it will be for for some
months but for testing of course we will
we will do quickly and we will use
some strategies from your finance
for testing
and for it we will we will increase uh
different uh
strategies in different networks
uh monster
architecture
will
will supply all
uh evm
network
and
we're ready to launch
easy oem network and i think
after testing and all interfaces uh i uh
we will do it in one day
we will in one day add five seven avm
networks like bnb
near and cetera
and
it will be a huge
huge action involved
because it it's a it's a totally
uh domination uh our architecture and
under other other bridges
especially taking accounts how binance
now bans all transfers and withdrawals
to ethereum network
so we will will be a backup solution for
everyone yes yes
uh so it's it's about bridge and uh
in
some weeks we will
share a description uh now we have on
it's only in code and architecture
and the description is a big work
what we did
and unfortunately only people who who
did it
can describe it
because it's uh
uh
plus thousand uh call quote
yeah yes lines of code in in rust and in
smart contracts
and so it's a very big big project
uh
yeah alexander you remember that's
that's why i'm saying that the breach is
not something simple
so actually we had a discussion with
alexander about the nft bridge and uh
actually uh
building such a solution so
no it's
it's it's not it tax it's it's
yes it's not this tax but
but uh we're ready to supply
nfc standards in bridge too
i can provide date when we will do it
i had a discussion with alexander with
bachco
from grand bazaar about
standards
we what we should supply because it's
it's impossible to supply all all
standards
in industry
and we will choose
what we want to supply
[Music]
yeah uh
good good uh any questions guys please
um no
yes we talk about this and
we have one more problem in
when we need to connect a bridge with
nvte
we had a call yesterday or before
yesterday we all and fiti sabgaf and um
grand bazaar tried to explain why he
choose this implementation without dao
and
power pavel prigalovka argue a lot with
them and in the end we understand that
we have some problem that
it's unique uh tokens and
we need to
[Music]
when we transfer from ethereum and vt we
need to do something like certificate
what it was transferred
and uh i think maybe in our call
especially for
this question we can discuss more
closely and explain what's this problem
and
we discuss how it's possible to resolve
with your bridge or maybe with plugins
etc
it's neat
let me comment on that
i don't see any problem i mean they uh
what they did they they thought that
there should be
a requirement from a market that
somebody confirms that identity of nfts
and they explained that it could be done
cryptographically
so in that respect uh it could be breach
uh
as known as or say as
locked uh
uh so so you look on
on one end of the bridge
another end of the bridge so don't no
problem with that so and the grand
bazaar agreed uh
that that record of the call is
available so everybody can um listen
yeah please can i please drop a link
here in the defy group yeah so so that
everyone can talk yeah alexander and i
remember about your request
to have a discussion with the bridge
team uh
about the integration about the
potential economics for this process so
uh
i propose to do this maybe next week uh
for now as a guide a bit overloaded with
the deployment and uh
i would like at least one person from
the technical uh team to be present at
the cause one
yes thank you it will be neat exactly
and uh
it's better to do
early i mean it's next week it's good
because um now we little bit stopped and
think uh what we need to do in entities
of golf and next step maybe we need to
do additional
architecture proposal especially for dao
or maybe it's enough and i think
we need first to talk with bridge team
uh what you explain now and uh discuss
uh
how we can connect in this way and
afterward we
[Music]
will decide uh in entity subgovernments
what we
need to do for next step
okay okay very good
uh thank you
any other questions on the bridge guys
so don't hesitate just write your hand
anything you were dreaming to ask but
was afraid of
don't worry everyone here is your friend
is until you ask the question
okay no one uh
let's move to the next topic uh actually
uh i don't see if ruslan is here who
asked the questions in the in the chat
so but still we i think we need to
address those and uh very good questions
uh sergey would you be so kind to also
run through the questions and uh answer
them
yeah yeah sure what questions yeah the
first question uh roussan asks is uh the
alliance plans to hold a series of
professional defined blockchain events
to enhance the reputation of return and
the question is what events have
applicants be submitted for and what is
planned to be done
yes uh the next conference we will be on
in dubai
from 9 october to 16th october and we
are sponsored on
wolf summit
uh we have uh
yeah we have panel discussion and uh
one one slot for for media
and uh another conference in dubai it
will be 10 october i i forgot
uh name of vladimir what's what's name
it's it's called ima it's uh alternative
investment conference for we will be
attending their defy versus c5 section
it's more about it's more confidence for
investors than for blockchain developers
but they were
hesitant to listen uh how we approach
the development of decks and other d5
instruments so we decided to go there as
well
uh yes and and also we one of the
sponsors for
bangladesh conference
where media 2 will have
a slot
and
in bangladesh we prepare program for
olympiads for one year and we will get
30 or 40 teams from bangladesh
who have a project on return and a
series of different
lectures and of course
thank you sergei
sorry to interrupt and there was another
one uh with sigma coming soon i think in
november in november in november yeah in
malta
i think it will be the next big one
after that yeah but
i'm afraid not everyone from russia can
attend it
unfortunately
yes yes but who knows yes it's 15 to 19
november those who
have the
the right vaccine i would say this is
this is now more important than the
passport
okay okay and also uh
we are now with the gda agency i would
also add um
uh
preparing the uh
hackathon for north american market and
uh
but it's still in the very draft draft
stage so when there will be some more
details of course we will share it
uh so the second question uh it is
planned to attract more than five
cryptocurrency funds by the end of
august and the question is when to
expand the first results and information
about the funds raised
yeah uh two new funds now in interval we
are testing
and
the next funds and it will be more than
five
uh will be in in october
uh it's one of the great great uh it's
one of our goal of why we are willing to
buy
yeah and actually uh i would also add
that um
the main um kpi was not the number of
funds but rather the amount of liquidity
that is it is attracted to the free tone
and with these kpis we over performed
and
if i'm not wrong it's okay
what was it 10 million
locked in tvl
now we have almost 30
so
it's it's a very very good
overperformance
uh so the third question is that the
airline has has focused its efforts on
integration with several major payment
gateways and providers uh and the
question is what are the gateways and
providers what stage is the integration
at
i uh i will answer only about about
public public integrations what was did
for example it's in the coin
we have some issues within the coin
because they get a request from from
legal
and
now we are
in in a second on boarding process we
provided all documents about us about
about our companies
and affect we will return
the coin method and also five another
providers
not five seven seven other providers who
will support that free tone and
and chip three tokens
uh we are waiting when we will finish uh
rust light node for for processing
and now is not in testing
and and on the affiliate way will
integrate
because it's very it's very hard to
integrate full full node
and there are a lot of issues with it
and so we understood some months ago
that uh the best way
is provide light light node solution for
this git phase
thank you
uh yeah a lot a lot is in integration uh
and just just to uh precisely it's it's
really difficult guys it's really
difficult to
to create a new a new solution in proton
yeah yeah and uh also just for just to
understand correctly when we are saying
about the
legal aspects so actually uh as you may
know now uh the european regulators
started the new wave of uh checking uh
different uh services
uh linked with cryptocurrency and now
the strictly and tighten the control
measures and that's why they requested
in the coin to provide additional
information and they had to temporarily
suspend the integration with friton but
it's uh technically it's in it's still
there and as soon as we finish with all
this paperwork so it will be back
uh
okay and the
last question is uh
search for a law firm that will become a
legal representative for freetown and a
legal consultant for its partners what
are the results or for finding a law
firm and when will the name of this
company be announced
um
maybe i will take on this uh so actually
as far as i remember there was a
legal uh
firm that was
preparing
the position about friton
in us but we already worked with two
companies from the
defy alliance part to prepare
legal opinions for singapore and malta
and uh yeah well maybe you you have some
additional info on this
uh i'm not sure that that right uh
question when friton is the centralized
community so how can you
have a legal firm representing a
community so a legal firm can some uh
private entity can ask a legal form to
create a legal opinion regarding uh
something
uh that's probably the correct
point but yeah but you you know better
anyway
yeah so i i remember the discussion that
was um if i'm not wrong it was more than
six months ago uh
and at the end of last year when we were
the possibility uh of a legal
representative
of return
like
a legal company that can
be
a signatory from the freetown site
behind
different
government agencies and whatever but at
least we started with preparing the
legal opinions that are required for
different uh exchanges and regulators to
and
also payment providers they require this
uh that really facilitates the
integration of free top because all
these guys
they do care now about the compliance
part
yes and about eagletop for example
one of our partners now preparing uh
legal opinion for a stable coin
on top of on top of return
and we also will share it i think
and after it will be more easy for
another project to use these papers
absolutely
yeah i wanted to add that i think uh
regarding the last question that
actually it's not just a topic for the
defy aliens i think it's a much broader
topic for the like for the whole
community so maybe we pass it later on
when the foundation website is ready to
the foundation level because i'm sure
that a lot of people will have
some legal questions and they need one
place to go where these questions can be
answered wait are still looking for a
proper firm to do that i mean by we
members of team of defile lands but by
the time the foundation
will be ready the website i mean we'll
definitely find one or two law firms who
will be kind of
consultants on behalf of foundation
where any member of aliens or other
government sub governance can come for
consulting or legal opinion or whatever
question raises and by the way we have
the semi same
same idea for the previous question for
the integration questions we'll also
want to make it kind of kind of part of
foundation because a lot of exchanges
and wallets they share the same kind of
questions and
they need the same kind of support
support and so they also have an ability
to to go to one place and get all the
support needed for integration
yep thank you vladimir
sergey
so that's it actually those four
questions were asked by ruslan so uh if
you have any anything else please
don't hesitate to ask
so we now have the free flow time
yes alexander please
maybe it's not questions only for
different subgardens maybe you saw that
alexander fellata
said that after conference in uc he
realized that maybe we need to change
our brand
and because i had more or less the same
experience that i tried to speak with
some investor and they a little bit
afraid something from this history with
sac
and i talk after that uh with some
guys from main governance about this
case
and uh for my opinion i agree that we
need
some rebranding what do you think it's
questions to always who hearing our call
yeah i will attempt attempting point
so just please raise your hand just to
answer
i forgot how to do it
okay okay uh let's imagine that you have
raised your hand yeah and a pile was
first
to find the button
yeah i mean
i think now everybody understands that
there is some problems with that name
um and yeah definitely i think uh
you it should be
i mean my person i mean i'm talking
about my personal opinion uh and of
course of course it should be my my
personal opinion that it should be done
i don't think that we should rush with
it because i mean
uh
we all everybody knows that um there is
um rust node with new consensus coming
out uh very quickly because that tests
uh rust cap tests they were aimed at
uh this throughput
and consensus remained untouched
in production version uh frost cup uh
but they're also that uh now they are um
very
fast development of new consensus and
all on all concepts which were described
in
white paper and uh it would be quite
natural
to
[Music]
have some
branding or a launch
at the point when we finally
moved to another code another
yeah
that's my view because
it will be very very strange to do it
like in the middle of those process
okay that's again that's my view
thank you now vladimir please
yeah we have we had this discussion with
different uh members of aliens and other
validators i think the majority right
now thinks it's worth to do and uh my i
share quite the same opinion
uh i but i still think it's uh
that we we have a decentralized system
consensus uh we should
decide make decision based on this
consensus uh that's the first point the
second point i agree with pavel that it
should be done like in some logical
fashion at some point for example when
we switch to the rust nodes and when we
abandon the
kind of code base of telegram that's a
kind of logical step uh when it's
perfect uh logical perfect logical step
for rebranding because we abandoned the
code and we changed the name that makes
sense
and my last uh thought on that is that
we have a good example of polygon
which was uh rebranded from matic and um
i mean it worked perfectly though
a lot of people were skeptical about it
when it happened but we have this good
example and that means that we should
really think about doing the same that's
my personal opinion
okay thank you
stephan do you want to say something
just
reason uh
just just concur
okay yeah i agree with vladimir so
actually it is not the right moment to
discuss uh
yes of the necessity in it so it's
raising
and uh it will just bring a lot of
changes uh in terms of
namings and whatever so everything that
is has a name ton in need so we'll have
to think about rebranding as well
and uh this
should be done without rush definitely
yes thank you and i agree we need the
right time for this
okay so uh any other topics guys please
raise your hand and say
okay nothing brilliant
uh
actually i have one small announcement
for the next time so we
will have a very interesting guest uh
for the next time so uh i will keep it
in secret for now
so uh just to make every one of you to
come
for the next call
uh so please uh have a nice weekend and
definitely
we forgot about about an announcement
okay uh i think we should to
launch a contest for launchpad
launchpads in uh
governance damn it it's a gay i wanted
to keep it in surprise
sorry
sorry but but without question because
the firearms had communication with
minimum five teams
who are ready to launch
that's two launch launchers
and uh it's a good time for contest
yeah actually actually one of the guests
will be uh
one of the teams that will definitely
participate in such a contest because
they were choosing the right blockchain
uh to to build the ideal platform on and
they
decided to choose freetown for this for
this case and uh
so they will be
they've come from a specific industry so
it will be uh not just generic purpose
uh ido platform but rather
something specific and at least let me
keep this in secret and since the last
time to keep in trick
so and they will tell about themselves
and so what they are going to do so and
i hope that by next thursday we will
just prepare the draft of the contest
and
hopefully run it next week
okay everyone thank you for coming and
traditionally so i wait for you next
week and have a nice weekend
bye-bye
thank you
