everscale has its own nft standard
called tip 4 or true nft which is a
product of collaboration between all the
everscale developers and teams on the
network how does it work from a
technical standpoint the first and most
obvious difference of nfts on everscale
is the storage of information unlike
ethereum where one smart contract stores
everything about the owner traits and
metadatas of the nft collection
everscale follows a distributed paradigm
each nft is a small smart contract with
its owner and each nft collection has
one smart contract that stores all
information about the collection there
are also smart contract indexes for each
nft each wallet has its own end index
and each collection has its own index
which enables fast on chain searches we
can quickly find all collections all
collections with the same code hash all
nfts of one particular wallet and all
nfts of the wallet with the collection
filter another important feature is
small fees for keeping a smart contract
alive everscale requires payment for
data storage of every smart contract nft
index or regular wallet however the fees
are really small for example storage of
the punk
number 294 nft costs its owner about
0.075 ever per year the collection's
author also pays for storage but if
something happens to the collection's
contract the nft of this collection
won't be affected the last feature is
the cost of issuance and speed of the
blockchain everscale is one of the
fastest and cheapest blockchains on the
market so minting nfts on it is cheap
too tip 4 is a big step forward for the
ecosystem and all wallets on everscale
are going to support it
