okay
hello everyone
yes hello hi hi
all right traditionally we wait for one
more minutes and after that it will
start
all right let's start
so welcome everyone it's our 37th weekly
governance call of the defy group for
the free tone
and today we have quite a short agenda
and
because lots of contests are in progress
and
in the voting stage and there are no
actual topics for discussion uh big ones
so uh let's run through the agenda in
this case and
i will start with the contest update uh
actually
three uh contests uh
that are hosted by the device of
governance are currently in the voting
stage so the first one
is uh free tone lending uh and borrowing
essay so we have seven works uh
submitted to this contest so and uh dear
jurors please
uh spend some time to read them out and
cast your votes the next one is the free
tons of sovereign identity framework
uh stage one which has uh
five days yet to vote uh and
the voting ends on one
day is it so it's actually
i don't see it in the face probably it's
not somewhere on tuesday
and uh also we have uh the dex
implementation stage two
finished uh and is currently also in the
voting stage so
there is huge amount of work for jurors
so please
uh don't don't wait until the very last
moment
i would like also to remind that uh the
dune swap contest that
is funded by the main governance
has defied jurors as a jury
actually so i also
put the notice about this in the jurors
group and
uh if you hear me as well uh please
go to the god.rt
to have a look at only one submission by
fabrice
so we had to extend the voting actually
because no one came except
for one juror but it's not enough to
collect the quorum
so uh you have four more days to to vote
please
please schedule the time accordingly uh
the next topic is about the
coming farming updates uh as you may
have heard that
the proposal of the defy alliance has
been approved and
we have some big news coming so sergey
are you here yeah sure okay
yeah okay about uh farming farming
program
uh i think we will launch it not on
friday because we need
to test some new mechanics like double
farming
we had two different
tokens protocols who were ready to part
their liquidity and governance token and
now we're in test mode when we finish it
we will launch
new farming and we will update
bridge and decks for it
so what we will do uh
first of all we will continue our
program for
two three months for uh standard players
uh like udt bitcoin ethereum and etc
uh also we will launch new pairs
with frags and uh stable euro studies
and uh we will launch some standard
pairs without return
like uh bitcoin usdt udt frax
and and etc because we want to test
we will try to attract new auditory from
uniso because change
cryptocurrency standard in unison
in town swap will be less than unisop
and also we
will launch two pairs with bridge bridge
tokens
and uh i hope in months
maybe maybe more uh we will have some
new project
some new project with native tokens and
we will put some liquidity to this new
project
it's about it's about our farming
farming mechanics
uh and uh in a few days
we will get a lot of announcement
and of course we will we will share it
about about uh dexter's it's a
very strong power for
for prices because for example if you
watched uh yesterday for for prices
uh some funds and
and some and some traders who will join
to
our farming program uh started to buy
tokens
and uh it's a huge impact for price and
hold on
and and it will stabilize i hope it is
the last price
and uh and the fate it will be too easy
going going to market cap
and etc
sergey stabilized on this price or go
down and stabilize where it was before
i don't know how do you think let's see
it's market
but but if fans are buying tokens for
and farmers are buying tokens of course
we will put it forward to to repeat the
programs
and for it we will buy
motor kits and so i think a price
yes we'll believe i'm sure
now minimum price on the future
definitely let's hope on this
yes thank you again um
i do have some questions guys on this
please
raise your hand and ask
okay uh seems no sergey also wanted to
um discuss a bit about the device
services
uh future device services contests uh so
again
maybe you can say a few words about this
as well yes yes about future devices
okay now we have uh bridge we have
a top swap and i hope another taxes
will launch too and
what started congress for safe for
credit protocols
but the fica system uh
have a lot of different services with
insurance
and uh different
graded deposit mechanics and etc
and now for example brooks have no time
to
push new services and
we we need to spend some months to
finish and bridge and dao
and dex and
we need we need to to involve
a lot of different from from our
community and
if you have ideas and ready to implement
it please
share your concerts because
big defy ecosystem it's not only for
operation tax it's uh dozens and dozen
different services
yeah guys please please uh propose your
ideas on what future device services can
be because
if you remember from the presentation of
ignat uh
all the bridges the access and even
landing protocols
so they are just the basic layer of the
of the infrastructure and
uh in this case uh if we want to move on
to the next level of financial
instruments and
defy services uh we need to be more
creative so if you have some ideas on
your minds please
share your thoughts don't don't be
silent
because we are here to build the
ecosystem together
okay um yeah i also
wanted to to say that
some of you may have already seen the
article that
brocktos has published on on its medium
page about
how the bridge version well actually
it's version three but
uh so let's say breach to to o
will work with the implemented dell
model so it's a kind of sneak peek on
what will going to be going on uh it is
still in the development
although it's coming to its end
at least on the smart contract site and
we are now approaching some interfaces
that will appear and
some people already started asking some
questions about
how the staking will work how the
revenues will be distributed among token
holders and so on so forth
so please uh read through the article
and
there are most of questions answered
already and
if you have some some additional things
so please come to the ton bridge
testing group and ask them we will add
some information to this article as well
uh i personally think that
the solution that uh will
soon be born so it it's very very
elegant and
uh very interesting it will be able to
maintain
the new level of uh decentralization
and uh supports the liquidity inflow
from ethereum first of all
okay so um that's pretty from my site
uh so if you have some some other topics
to discuss so please raise your hand
and and i will give you the floor
okay three
two one okay yes alex
yeah hi everyone and what about the
context for extensions
uh the contest for extension actually it
is not
uh hosted by the device of governance uh
and i already spent some time on the
weekly free tone governance call
so it was a very good contest indeed
and we had a lot of interesting
submissions there
but uh due to uh
not really big involvement for certain
jurors
there was quite a big polemics about how
to interpret
the results of this contest uh
[Music]
we discussed this openly in the in the
group
and decided that for the sake of
defining winners uh
we will uh not use
votes of those jurors who didn't vote
for all
works actually although there is a new
polemics raised
afterwards and
some other members so they resisted this
position so
uh first of all we need to make the
calculation for both cases
and i already asked the contest stats
group to do this
and we will present the results
of this calculation both results so the
original one
uh according to us if uh all
jurors vote will be counted and the new
one
uh when some votes are put aside
and then we will uh decide what to do
actually so it's it's a tricky point
actually because
there is some ambiguity in in the
contest terms
uh on how to tackle to those voices
uh for example which are not
qualified enough so for example they
consist of two words only
and uh although the contest terms do not
uh prohibit uh to count such such votes
although the juror uh will not get the
the reward but uh still the the result
of his uh
votes may be counted uh
so i think that first of all we need to
calculate both scenarios and after that
so uh discuss once again
yeah please okay thank you
hello everyone sorry about this question
what more
uh alex please raise your hand
about this uh contest i'm sorry if you
in our topic i may ask questions yeah
just
let's finish with this question first
thank you thank you
i mean um
you said that discuss it many
discussed about this extension contest
in open group where you mean not a defy
group yes
and i'm not sure what i uh catch what
problem it was uh
i first understand that not so much uh
juries vote but more or less like
half of jewelry avoided yes yeah
actually uh so
jurors activity and responsibility is is
really
um a tricky point now so
and we discuss it since free tone was
established and
we'll continue discussing it for a long
long time often
actually some jurors
really invest their time and analyze
each
each work uh very diligently
uh some others they just hop on
to the voting train in the very last
moment and
throw some random random votes
some simply don't come to the contest
and this is uh this is bad actually for
for the
performance of the whole community uh
how to improve this is a good question
and
uh there is no direct answer to this so
this can be
elaborated only by the experiment uh
so we already tried for example in the
device of governance to
increase number of jurors we try to
increase the reward of jurors
we try to inform them timely and
it seems that
in this specific case of the crystal
wallet extension
[Music]
contest jurors were not aware of their
jurors
and this is a systemic problem
of litification to jurors i'm thinking
about
how to solve this and
maybe someone can take care of
reminding them and really say thanks to
alex novikov who who took the flag and
went to pinging everyone uh
asking to vote and also he collected a
good mma session
so actually there was a group of
participants
and jurors uh organized by alex and
where they can freely exchange their
opinions
and there is kind of holy wars happening
now
so i i'm looking through my fingers like
this
into this group because uh there is a
minefield actually
uh now and also there was a discussion
earlier this week on the weekly
governance call
that happened on tuesday of the main
governance
uh where we discuss this topic as well
okay thank you i understand i'm i'm
not know why i'm not in this group but
okay
i avoided i try i tried to do it uh
one day maybe like seven hours
and it was really hard because
um testnet doesn't work
and it will be one more case
and i i used a real tone crystal
but in some cases it was not possible
literally
a hundred million of different factors
affecting jurors
but uh i think that the main problem
here is transparency
uh because uh from participant side
uh i cannot say that there was a weak
transparency because
everyone who wanted uh they provided the
demos they uh answered all questions of
jurors
who tried to ask them
and from jurors side it's it's a silence
so which which i personally don't like
and uh if jurors
face some problems they need to say
about this and discuss this
and uh i'm thinking on how to improve
this in
the device of governance for instance uh
to trigger these discussions maybe some
ama sessions is a good way
but uh i personally
not always can
just take the lead on scheduling them
and moderating them
so maybe if someone can can uh
raise a hand and help me with this i
will be really grateful
and especially in such contests where
it's not only defy
yes yes exactly
thank you yeah uh alex novikov please
yeah um
strange that alexander what is not this
group because
i invited everybody to take part in rama
station and
as a result we had most of the
participants
and all like
jury members didn't come so
it's strange okay anyway and actually i
wanted to say
about the discussion
for particularly voted jury
personally i am a jury
member who didn't vote for last
several participants last several words
it was actually technical reason because
uh i prefer to vote in the last moment
because i don't like when
somebody could go through my voting
and like make the same
so i just don't want to give the chance
to wait
uh because of this i prefer to vote in
last minute and also
sometimes it could happen that
some facts about admission could appear
for example it could
appear that some submission is
stolen or wrong with your eyes or
something like this
and because of this time i prefer to
vote like last uh
couple of hours and this time actually
i did it in the previous week because
the
contest had to finish
week before and i started the world
i go through all submissions because i
did armor
i had all marks in my excel file
and some their problem was
when contest was prolongated they
changed my key because i am a member
of my government and d5
and before it was 1k and in after they
prolonged
they changed my key and i didn't
i didn't have any idea what's wrong i
just came
like two hours before the
milestone and i couldn't
vote and i was troubleshooting because
this
simple idea that they changed my kids i
just didn't get to my mind
and because of this i was struggling
with this i checked balance i checked
everything i almost
disassembled my computer like after that
everything
and i was looking what's wrong and
at the end i discovered that
i had to use other k and then
easy walls program that i'm usually used
for
i just couldn't pass it and
that's all and it didn't work as well
because
the key was changed and i had to do this
manually in the last minutes and just
because i technically
didn't time to put all my marks
on the system so it's like a technical
issue
definitely yeah and actually i would say
i want to say that we have
it's not forbidden to vote particularly
actually we have this methodic to
calculate the
jury reward that allows jury to vote
for some works not
as i said is a transparency so if a
juror uh
did this so he preferred or uh was
unable
to vote for all submissions so please
just say about this explain to to
to participants because uh when there is
uh
some abstract jurors who do not uh
explain the motives and put some some
marks uh
on submissions and some sometimes
weird comments so uh there is a really
good question from the participant so
what the hell is going on
guys come on i spent my time i
created the work i submitted it and now
you are just
ruin my work by uh
for what so i don't understand and there
is a silence for madison
this is uh one of the systemic problems
that need to be addressed and solved
actually so uh i don't have
the solution for this now and i think
that nobody thinks
but at least we can uh form some
hypothesis
and and try to test them in the coming
contests
uh so for example uh
the presence that the ama session for
jurors is obligatory
yeah to get the reward uh can we
test this why not yeah so in this case
uh
at least jurors will understand uh what
is going on and what the submissions are
about
uh on the other uh
is it possible for example to draw a
juror to change the vote
not now of course yeah because the
contract doesn't allow this
but uh sometimes when juror uh didn't
understand
and he hurried to cast the vote
and later on he just discovers that his
uh score
was wrong and he wants to change it but
he cannot
so uh this is also another another
thing that in my opinion should be
changed because
uh unless the voting period is over so
uh
it's not criminal to change your vote
actually maybe it's it's it's
uh not to post the votes uh uh
until the the very last moment uh
i mean i mean to analyze the votes in
the contract
uh but i don't know how to do this
actually yeah because
the voting contract is uh
it is developed uh by tom labs and
there are several versions and i
personally don't
know everything about the latest version
except that it exists but how it looks
like
nobody knows actually
yeah we need two technical
[Music]
solutions so we should allow
jury members to change their walls
and we should implement something like
wikipedia
to hide walls until the end
and after the voting period finished we
could check their law
that hiding votes until the variant is a
solution actually
the possibility to change your vote
is is a solution maybe a solution i
don't know because
uh it may bring some additional problems
that we don't
are not aware right now and this is a
complex discussion that
uh comes uh outside of just one
sub-governance
you know because uh this is a problem
that appears
here and there uh each time when uh
there is some ambiguity in the context
uh yeah thank you alex uh alexander
uh as for contest results they are
legitimate
but they are not finalized yeah so so
actually they will become finalized as
soon as the contest starts group
uh calculates them and
after three checks they are approved
so also excuse me actually i wanted to
add
the stuff i tried to explain it during
governance meeting but i think it was
very
quite very clear yeah sorry
for this i was downside so first of all
i think it's a bad practice to invite
jurors from different sub-goers and this
particular contest
was the most complicated contest because
we had
jurors from three different
sub-governances as a result
as i understand jury from
they are not technical person and they
are
assessing and evaluating like user
interface
like guys from direct sub governance was
evaluating the code the code structure
how it is
built like this stuff and the guys from
device upgrades was evaluated like
how it is compatible with three tokens
and all defined stuff so
three groups of jurors was evaluating
and having different
stuff and i think that's good
that's actually good because it provides
you the diversity of opinions
and uh in my in my opinion the future if
you have some professional jurors
specializing on this and that so that we
are coming to
uh you will have different views uh on
the same contest
and in this case you will get the more
weighted uh
score so because the solution may be
technically
extremely interesting but it's unusable
by the by the
audience that yeah and but we we can't
compare apples with
like oranges we should cover apple with
apple
why not we can both fruits
both fruits yeah and it really depends
on the on the on
how you will use this uh
yeah so uh there was another question
from the audience uh
uh alexa yeah i have i have yeah i'd
like to add for the contest
one of the reasons why uh some jurors
couldn't vote for
all uh submissions was that the contract
ran out of gas
and uh when i when i found out it i just
sent
like 10 tons to the contract so they can
continue
yeah it's it's a good point uh actually
uh guest monitoring
is is a tricky point because
[Music]
if you may remember some time ago when
mr shopkin was spamming
the voting system with his fake
submissions
all the gas that was submitted to the
contract
was burned out in any case that's why
now the interface group which is
responsible for deployment of contest
contracts
they do not put excessive amount of the
gas uh
the vote itself costs extremely a small
uh small chunk of the balance so it's
something like
uh 0.01 uh tom
if i'm not wrong and
typically uh 0.3
a ton is way more than enough to
for an average contest but in case you
see that
there is uh an issue with the gas yeah
and it's it's displayed in the voting
interface
as well uh it's highlights in red
if it's if it's slow uh so just
please drop few few pennies
there to to cast your votes no no need
to
you know just transfer 10 tons or
something like this
half a ton is is already a big amount
so it's actually not not that expensive
contract uh
that requires you huge amount of gas uh
on the other side when there is a big
amount a big number of submissions and
you have to uh provide
lots of comments as well like you
remember this contest
uh what it was
where we had over 100 submissions uh
yeah so it will require a certain amount
of guests of course
and uh normally uh i tried to to monitor
this
this situation and just top up the
contracts before they ran out
but sometimes it happens that uh i i
miss this and so
just please if you face the situation
drop your penis
and to be able to cast your votes and if
you just add something on top so the
community will be grateful to you for
this
i don't think that's half a ton worse
anything
for for all of us
okay uh thank you guys uh ander you have
some other
question there yeah it was a question
about the
about the um uh
decentralized exchange stage stage two
um
last time when when the contest finished
i think we had
something like a series of presentations
yes yes exactly will we have something
like this
uh actually i wanted to ask all the
participants who are present today and i
will ping them
as well uh directly to provide
some some short uh short presentations
or uh
some video recording i would prefer this
because we have don't have uh
too too many submissions so it's uh if
only four
if i'm not wrong and
uh for jurors it will be really grateful
to see them so uh so what you really
implemented
uh if you provide some comments on uh
which points of the contest terms
uh all the if hot criteria met if soft
criteria met
you can provide some uh comments on how
the solution works and how to deploy it
correctly and so on so forth
but unfortunately for some reason uh the
period for voting is very short
uh i thought that we will uh put
something like two weeks at least
and uh now i see that uh probably
it is actually two weeks it's still
eight days for voting
so if you provide your video demos
with comments uh by i don't know uh
by by monday it will be okay for jurors
to look through them and
decide um on what scores they will cost
okay okay yeah makes sense so just a
video with uh with like an overview of
the solution and
yeah yeah pretty much like we did last
time so uh
doing ama session for such a complex
solution in my opinion
is a bit of overkill in case
there will be a lot of questions from
jurors uh maybe we will
uh just create the group
just to to ask all the questions uh from
from jurors directly uh or maybe
even if there are some typical questions
so uh we may create a short summary of
answers to them
okay thanks welcome
so those videos will just be posted in
like the d5 group
yeah just post them in the define group
uh
with the hashtag next stage too you know
so for to too easy to find them
okay thanks
okay welcome welcome
good any other topics guys please
three two one
good okay thank you everyone for
attending today and
uh keep an eye on the group so there
will be some news
uh coming closer to the end of the week
and see you next week then same time
bye
